OSDOCS#10702: Docs for Multiarch Tuning Operator (#76628)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/multi-arch-creating-podplacment-config-using-cli.adoc

//Module included in the following assemblies
//
//post_installation_configuration/multiarch-tuning-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="multi-architecture-creating-podplacement-config-using-cli_{context}"]
= Creating a ClusterPodPlacementConfig CR by using the CLI

> You can create a `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` custom resource (CR) by using the {oc-first}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` object by using the {oc-first}.
```

How can we also highlight that this must be named `cluster`?

Author: Added a footnote with the following info:

"<1> Set this field value to `cluster`. You must set the name of the `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` object to `cluster`. Otherwise, the `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` object creation fails. "

//Module included in the following assemblies
//
//post_installation_configuration/multiarch-tuning-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="multi-architecture-creating-podplacement-config-using-cli_{context}"]

= Creating a ClusterPodPlacementConfig CR by using the CLI

You can create a `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` custom resource (CR) by using the {oc-first}.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to the cluster with `cluster-admin` privileges.
* You have installed the {oc-first}.
* You have installed the Multiarch Tuning Operator.

.Procedure

. Log in to the {oc-first}.

. Create a `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` CR YAML file:
+

> .Example `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` CR YAML file

Author: Before running the `oc create` command, the user must have the YAML file with the  `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` CR configuration. So he will need to refer the configuration at the time of creating the file but not at the time of running the `oc create` command.

The commend `oc create` applies the configuration provided in the YAML file. It does not create the file. The file must be already created and present for `oc create` command to work.

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: multiarch.openshift.io/v1beta1
kind: ClusterPodPlacementConfig
metadata:
  name: cluster
spec:
  logVerbosityLevel: Normal
  namespaceSelector:
    matchExpressions:
      - key: multiarch.openshift.io/exclude-pod-placement 
        operator: DoesNotExist 
----

> . Create the `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` CR by running the following command:

Author: Like mentioned in the previous comment, the `oc create` command does not create the file. It takes a YAML file as an input and applies the configuration provided in that YAML file.
